Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Another abandoned mine?!
Come, Starscream.
My liege, who could have
foreseen that my alternative
super-soldier experiment
would encounter...
technical difficulties?
Resulting in the loss of the
Insecticon hive and over half
- our remaining troops!
- Forgive me, master!
My intentions were true! Please...
please reconsider my termination!
Oh, Shockwave's offsite laboratory.
Most impressive.
The Predacon clones have
almost fully evolved and will be
combat-ready within three solar cycles.
Well done, Shockwave.
Knock out, I'm waiting.
On my way, lord Megatron.
Synthetic Energon ... troops
will be delivering my remaining
- supply to you.
- I will determine its value
after lord Megatron's Predacon
army is ready for deployment.
Unruly beast!
You dare to roam freely
without permission?
- What?!
- Strike me again, and I will
bury that rod in your spark.
sync & correction by f1nc0
Resync by Metal Warrior | addic7ed.com
I ... I did not realize that the
beast was capable of transformation.
- Nor did I.
- I am no beast.
The ability to transform is
a fundamental part of
Cybertronian biology.
We simply posses no evidence
that the Predacon species ever
reached that evolutionary stage,
since they became extinct
in the great cataclysm.
And now we know.
So, the rumors are true.
I will no longer be alone.
And I see you've been keeping
secrets.
It was not my intention to
deceive you, lord Megatron.
I only recently became
aware of my abilities.
All I remember of my beginning
is hunting...
...and battle...
And the wounding of my pride.
Thus I'd begun to burn with
questions ... who am I?
Where did I come from?
The warship's data banks
provided historical fact, but,
still, I possessed no memory of
my own past, so I began to
reconsider my place in the
present and wondered,
"could I be like the others?"
- And now I know.
- Yet you are unique, a miracle
of science, cloned by Shockwave
from cybernucleic acid,
recovered from the remains
of your mighty ancestors.
Doctor, what is the current
status of your synthetic
Energon experiments?
Doing the best I can,
Commander, given the lack of
functional equipment at my disposal.
You do realize that an
alternative energy source may be
essential to our survival?
Believe me, Ultra Magnus, no
one is more acutely aware of the
stakes than I am.
Of course.
Beast Hunters, may I ask why you
are not currently scouting
grid 305 for Predacon bones?
Because we just returned
from surveying grids 301 to 304.
To log our field reports, per
your protocol, Commander Magnus, sir.
Soldier, I don't recall
giving you permission to leave the base.
- Because you didn't, sir.
- Why are your hands smeared
- with coolant?
- I... recalibrated your ship's
engines. You can expect a
10% increase in vector thrust.
- Welcome back!
- Optimus, good to see you!
- It's good to have you back, Optimus.
- Decepticon activity is at a lull.
I fear that Megatron may have
collected the specimens
he requires to...
clone his army.
It is with deepest gratitude
for my creation that I pledge
undying obedience to
you, my one true master.
But with more of my species
soon to stride among us, I
beg your permission to, in
turn, lead them as Predaking.
Your vision is boundless.
A former beast may fully believe
himself to be a loyal servant today,
but trust me, the moment
our royal highness realizes that
his army possesses greater might
than what currently remains of...
- the Decepticons...
- Evolution will give way to revolution.
I am left with no choice but
to eradicate the Predacon clones
before they are provided the
opportunity to eradicate us.
Lord Megatron, you're not
saying you intend to pull
the plug on Shockwave's
beloved project Predacon.
Your conclusion is most logical, my liege.
But what happens
if that fire-breathing brute
discovers our treachery?
Why assume that we will be
the ones to perform the deed?
After all, if the Predaking
were to discover that, say,
the Autobots were responsible
for wiping out his comrades,
our resident beast
might, in turn, destroy
our hated enemies for us...
or they him.
Ultra Magnus...
something has been troubling you.
I fear that my command style
may be having a negative
effect on unit morale.
Your service is most welcome,
old friend, but this is not the elite guard.
Things have changed since the
war for Cybertron.
And we must adapt to that change.
The members of Team Prime are
not cogs in a machine ...
they've grown into something
greater than an army.
They have become ...
Optimus, our scanners have
detected exposed Energon.
With our reserves at a critical low,
we cannot afford not to investigate.
Decepticons, step away from
the Energon and surrender.
Look at all that sweet fuel.
Stealth team, transport
our cargo back to base.
- Wreckers, reconnoiter the mine.
- I've always wanted to roll
with the Wreckers...
uh, sir.
- No Energon signals.
- And no additional security.
Something doesn't smell right.
Pair off.
Well, this is one whole lot of ugly.
Megatron's cloning operation seems
further along than we anticipated.
Starscream, the
Autobots have arrived.
You did not inform me that
your plan was already in motion.
Only so the whole affair
would appear less... staged.
I have yet to purge my
lab of sensitive materials.
Then do not let me
keep you, Shockwave.
Over and out.
You scrapped him on
purpose, didn't you?
Soundwave, I require
an immediate ground bridge.
Lord Megatron, it seems
project Predacon has
fallen into Autobot hands!
- How is this possible?!
- Starscream, scramble your
- seeker armada!
- At once, my liege.
No! If my brethren are imperiled,
I will confront the enemy.
Permission to employ a
grenade in a confined space, sir?
If you and I are all that
stand between these monsters
and the natives of this planet,
then, by all means, blow these
beasts back to the rust age.
Who's this guy?
The very same who has
previously allowed you to live,
but will not today.
He's the Predacon!
Whoa! What was that?!
What have you done to my brethren?!
What have you done?!
Well, then, let's dance.
And here, I was
just beginning to tolerate you.
It's been an honor serving
beside you, soldier.
Prepare to perish.
What?! No!
Ratchet will take good care of you.
Magnus fought like a Wrecker.
Optimus, when we spoke earlier...
- what could be greater than an army?
- A human concept, one I have
learned since coming to Earth...
family.
Do not despair, my Predaking...
... for I vow to you that the
Autobots will pay dearly for
the outrage against your kind.
Shockwave, report.
It is true, my liege.
Project Predacon has been
rendered null and void ...
at least, I have been unable to
recover any beast-forms.
However, there is something
you must behold for yourself.
What is this?!
Pure Cybertronian
cybermatter, not unlike that
which once existed upon
our primeval home world.
Or that which engendered
my citadel here on Earth.
- The result of the explosion?
- Indeed, yet the cybernucleic
acid alone cannot account
for these... cyber-forms.
All possible logic points to
the presence of one unexpected
variable ...
synthetic Energon.
sync & correction by f1nc0
Resync by Metal Warrior | addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org